---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## We are working on a browser extention

### What we want
The main idea of our extension is to make people's life easier. When we are downloading files, they automatically go to a folder called download. We are trying to build an extension that puts the files into specific folders according to their extensions. For example, a jpg file would be automatically put into a jpg file. However, after discussing again, we determined that the focus of the project is not to create a fancy extension, but to learn to work on an OS project simutaneously and corperate. So we instead decided to make a quick extension that changes every picture in a browser to a picture of Nicolas Cage 

### Procedure and possible challenges
We are using github to create our extension as an open source project. I have made the readme file and added license in our repository. I was also able to import a code of conduct file from github and cutomize it so my email address is in the contact information. 

I would imagine that there are cases where the extension is not a current folder presented in the user's system. In that case, we need to make a folder for the new extension. I am a little concerned with our permission to create new folders for our users. We would need to figure that out. After we decided to change the function of our extension, the coding part was evry quick. We already have a working product now with the function we expected. 

I think the most important and tricky part of this project is trying to coordinate what everyone wants and how much time we want to put in this extension. Once these topics are agreed upon, we were able to complete this project efficiently. 

Through the process of trying out the extensions on firefox, I became more farmiliar with the structure and process of building and adding an extension to a browser. In class on Monday, I discovered that an extension can be very simple or complex, and the codes are similar with creating a webpage. So javascript, html and css would come in handy when we are building our own extensions. The only confusing part for me now is the purpose of the manifest json file, but I believe that I will be able to see its function soon. 
